they have to pick up a vip a man who
made this whole project possible
one of the legendary bilby brothers
frank mantha
already how about our girls yeah they're
definitely ready
frank's devoted eight years of his life
to the billbay
it's very close to his heart
it is just such a wonderful animal and
that's sort of what's hooked me in
when i first saw my one in the wild i
just thought
wow we really need a decent kick in the
pants if we were to lose
something as beautiful as this it was a
personal tragedy that changed frank from
office worker
into passionate bilby conservationist in
1996 i lost my wife
of nearly 40 years and the bilby was my
rescue it gave me
a goal that gave me something that i
could feel useful
doing it's getting late
so frank is planning ahead
be too late to release the buildings
tonight
so the bilbies are going to really live
it up and stay
at the hotel with us tonight
they begin to share a room with uh with
alan myself
and uh i happen to snore a bit and they
scratch a fair bit
and so al's in for a fairly interesting
night tonight
[Applause]
after a long drive a warm welcome awaits
him at the outback hotel
all right we made it we've made it one
more day to go
we met peter mccray
don't know tina's keen to get the two
billboards settled into their
accommodation
but bilby's are nocturnal so they're
just waking up
hey you drill some water
uh just putting some food out for the
bilbies because i'm sure they
are pretty hungry
room service no they're going to have a
great night stretch their legs keep
frank up all night or he might keep them
up all night with his
snoring lots of new smells
lots of new places to run around we'll
have a great time
it wouldn't matter if i never got any
sleep if knowing the satisfaction that
that what you started out to achieve
uh really is working
and for me tonight to know that she's
going to be free
forever is a pretty magic feeling
i hope frank is able to get at least
some sleep
he and the bilbies have an exciting day
ahead of them tomorrow
frank's hoping to see these little
marsupials get their very first
taste of freedom
[Music]
foreign